Yeah. Um, I'm so proud of how I've done
this Olympics. I joke, I'm not a betting
woman, but if I were, I took a big
gamble this time because I chose to do
three events knowing that I hadn't
trained halfpipe in two months, knowing
that I would miss the halfpipe training
because of in case I made big air
finals, which I also hadn't competed in
in four years, mind you. And so being
able to really trust myself that when it
came down to the moment, I would be able
to perform to the best of my ability
regardless of metal color or metal in
general. Um, but that's a big bet. And
also just the difficulty of competing in
three events, making finals in three
events. I had to compete six times. And
I kind of liken it to a marathon, but
the pace of a 100 meter dash because
every day is the Olympics. I have to
give 100% every day. So there's no day
that I can just chill a little because
every day matters. So I guess what I
mean to say with that is I have done
something that I I took a big risk in
trusting myself and I'm glad that I did.
Um I walk away as the most decorated
free skier of all time, male or female.
I have the most gold medals of any free
skier ever, male or female. And that is
something that I'm so so proud of. Is
unbelievable to me is still surreal. Um,
and so I appreciate all the people who
support me and who hopefully take up
free skiing maybe because of me. Um, or
at least maybe heard about free skiing
for the first time. That those are the
people who I do it for. Otherwise, I
just encourage people to use that energy
and direct it to something um that makes
the world better in their own way. I
think I'm making the most amount of good
with the powers that I have as um a
22-year-old athlete. And I think in this
way I'm benefiting the most people. If
people disagree with me, if they have
other skill sets, which I'm sure they
do, then I encourage them to direct that
direct it elsewhere and to make the
world better in their own way.
As young women, I think it is easy to
doubt. Um, and I mean this as in like
instilled, you know, selfinstilled
self-doubt, but also maybe external
subtleties and like little micro things
that make you doubt yourself and over
time make you afraid to try. That's why
we see rates of young women
participating in sports drop off
precipitously between the ages of 11 and
14. And so, as far as trusting yourself,
the power of sport is unparalleled
because it is evidence over affirmation.
It's you don't tell yourself, "Oh, I can
handle the pressure. Oh, I'm so great."
You do it time and again. And another
thing, you know, I said this earlier in
an interview. I said, "Sports are really
honest because you can't lie to
yourself. You know when you stayed late
and other people weren't there. You
know, when you showed up early and other
people weren't there, you know, when you
gave 100% in training day in day out for
months, for months." And so it's not
about, you know, at the last second I
tell myself a chipper little line and
call it a day. It's the fact that I look
back on quite literally years, like
decade of hard work of pouring my heart
and soul into this sport. And so it's,
yeah, it's trusting myself, but it's
building that trust every day. Um, and
so that's a big reason why I encourage
more young girls to get into sports
because I think that the power it has to
build and instill that confidence in
people um is is a really special and and
unique form.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah, I guess I didn't answer
the second question. So, um, it's
fashion week in Milan, so I have the
other job, the other fashion thing. Um,
no, no, I'm really excited to just
explore some other avenues, be creative,
and explore my femininity through
fashion, which is something I've always
loved, and to kind of put that in
juxtaposition with skiing and and with
sports. And I think that they can
coexist so beautifully. And so, I hope
to represent that um, next week in
Milan.
A big thing is I'm not afraid to try. I
take big risks and for the last two
Olympics it's worked out. Um but even if
it hadn't, I think I left nothing on the
table. Like I know that looking back at
this Olympics and the months that
preceded it, there is quite literally
nothing that I could have done more.
Like I did everything I could um every
single day. Every single thing that I
could like if you can think of something
like oh I should do this now. I've done
it. I have done every single thing I
could possibly do for this Olympics. And
so it's like if things didn't go my way,
I wouldn't regret feeling unprepared. I
wouldn't regret feeling like I could
have done more. And so that I also think
instills a bit of confidence in you
because you can never control the
result. You can never control the
outcome, but you can control the
preparation. And most importantly, you
can fall in love with the process.
Fore!
Foreign! Foreign!
Um,
thank you, Charlotte. That's very kind.
Um, oh, man.
Do I think I think overall I'm just a
pensive person. Like I'm a very
introspective I'm an introspective young
woman. Like I spend a lot of time in my
head. Um and it's not a bad place to be.
I I journal a lot. I break down all of
my thought processes. I think I apply a
very analytical lens to my own thinking.
And I kind of modify it because it's so
interesting. You can control what you
think. Like you can control how you
think and therefore you can control who
you are. And especially as a young
person like I'm 22 so with
neuroplasticity on my side, I can
literally become exactly who I want to
be. How cool is that? Like how
empowering is that, right? And so the
fact is I get to become every day the
kind of person that me at age eight
would revere. Like I would be obsessed
with me today. Are you kidding? I would
love me. And I think that's the biggest
flex of all time that you can have like
little younger you be proud of you
today. And so I guess for me it's like I
yes I spend a lot of time in my own
head. Yes, I think a lot. But it's not
really like in an egotistical kind of
way. It's in like a tinkering like a
scientist kind of way. I'm always like
trying to modify. I'm trying to think
how can I be better? How can I approach
my own brain the way that I approach my
craft of free skiing um so that I can be
better tomorrow than I was today?
>> Yeah, I think for me
global beneficial impact is like my
central theme. Um and there are a lot of
different avenues that anybody can do
that and I think it's more assessing
your individual skill set and trying to
say okay what is the way that I can as a
person do the most good in the world.
Um, so right now I'm young, I'm
energetic, my body is like physically as
capable as it can be compared to, you
know, 30 years down the line. So it
makes the most sense for me to do that
through the avenues that I'm exploring
now, fashion, sport, and skiing. Um,
down the line, I think it will
absolutely take a different form. Yeah,
I think as I age and as I grow and um,
the like I guess avenue of like highest
optimization will change. I'm not going
to be too specific in answering that
because I don't want to commit myself to
something. But do I have ideas? Yes,
absolutely.
So, when I was when I had this press
conference four years ago, a lot of it
was theoretical. You know, I say I want
to inspire more girls to try skiing. I
don't even need to do that anymore
because now I can just look at the
numbers. 350 million people tried snow
sports for the first time. there's
double-digit increase growth in the
industry both in terms of snowport
impressions in terms of um sponsorships,
money in the sport. This is huge because
it's not just about okay, it is about
there's people in China, there are kids
in China, there are girls in China whose
lives are going to be touched by the
beautiful and wonderful power of sport.
So that in and of itself is absolutely
measured impact that I think I had
always wanted. I reached that goal and I
exceeded it. Um the second thing is
within the industry itself, the ski
industry, there are more eyes on this
sport than there were four years ago.
There are more people paying attention
to it now. Um the fact is a rising tide
raises all boats. And so this is also
good for every other athlete competing
regardless of what country you compete
for. And so that kind of mentality of I
want to bring the sport to more people
to hopefully benefit people outside the
sport and also be able to give back to
my own community free skiing um and
everybody who partakes in it. Now um as
a competitor, I don't want to
generalize, but as a competitor myself,
I think we yearn the thing we yearn for
most is a worthy opponent. I think
there's something so beautiful in that.
It's not about beating other people, but
it's about this sense of healthy
competition. That's what sportsmanship
is. That's what the Olympics are about.
If I went to a middle school and like
beat everybody at free skiing there,
it's like not exciting for anybody,
right? What's exciting is that year
after year we get to see the progression
of a sport as the average of everybody
and everybody's average rises and we all
get better and maybe the people at the
top are contributing a little bit more,
but everybody is contributing to that
growth. Um, and and that's something
that's really special to me. So, do I
welcome that? Yeah, absolutely.
Absolutely. I mean, I love to compete. I
love to compete. I love to win, but I
love to compete and I love to ski. And
so, if I were to put that in order, I
would say I love to ski first and then I
love to compete and then I love to win.
But at my heart and soul, I like to ski.
Yeah. And then I know you said that was
the last question, but I just want to
say something really quickly. Um, the
reason I was late is that I just found
out that my grandma passed away and um,
she was like a really she was a really
big part of my life um, growing up and
someone I looked up to immensely. She
was such a strong
she was a fighter and I think what's so
interesting is that a lot of people just
cruise through life, but she was a
steamship. like this woman commanded
life and she grabbed it by the reinss
and she made it into what she wanted it
to be and she inspired me so much. The
last time I saw her before I came to the
Olympics she was very sick so I knew
that this was a possibility.
Um I didn't promise her that I was going
to win but I did promise her that I was
going to be brave like she has been
brave and that's why I keep referring to
this theme of like betting on myself and
like being brave and taking risks. It
actually goes back to that promise that
I made my grandma. And so I'm really
happy that I was able to uphold that um
and hopefully do her proud. But um it's
also a really difficult time for me now.
So I really apologize for being late,
but like that's what was going on.
Sorry.
>> Uh Guj
for her. Yeah.
>> Guing chef for sharing your emotions
with us. That's all what we have for
today. Thanks for attending on site or
uh online. And these are the last words
from Levveno Snow Park press conference
room. Stop the live stream now.
>> Thank you.